ADDY OSMANI: Hey, folks.
Welcome to "Totally Tooling
Tips," season three.
MATT GAUNT: Come check us out.
We're going to be talking about
progressive web apps, some
of the tooling around them.
ADDY OSMANI: On first visit,
we've got a relatively fast
time-to-first-meaningful paint,
module bundling, accessibility.
Do you know what
the top four things
to look at when it comes
to web accessibility are?
MATT GAUNT: No, I can
only think of two.
I only think of audio
and then visual.
ADDY OSMANI: So there's
visual, hearing, mobility,
and cognition.
MATT GAUNT: The first episode
will be out on April the 27th.
So subscribe to YouTube channel,
check out season one and two
before season three starts,
which should be happening soon.
ADDY OSMANI: We promise
that season three's
going to be equally as mediocre
as seasons one and two.